Added docs about sharing recordings (#6042)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/sharing.mdx

---

> title: Sharing or embedding recordings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Sharing or embedding session replays
```

---

> Recordings are typically consumed from the **Session Replay** part of PostHog but in some cases you may want to share specific Recordings with people outside of your PostHog Organization. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recordings are typically consumed from the **Session Replay** part of PostHog but in some cases you may want to share specific recordings with people outside of your PostHog organization. 
```

> Recordings are typically consumed from the **Session Replay** part of PostHog but in some cases you may want to share specific recordings with people outside of your PostHog organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replays are typically viewed in **[Session Replay](https://app.posthog.com/replay)** part of PostHog. However, in some cases you may want to share specific recordings with people outside of your PostHog organization. To do this, PostHog enables you to share recordings in two different ways:
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> <iframe allowfullscreen width="100%" height="450" frameborder="0" src="https://app.posthog.com/embedded/VDVn0WRlvJdBomoFyy2Xg0Di2T1pEg"></iframe>
> 
> > Above is an embedded recording of posthog.com ... on posthog.com  - very meta.

Reviewer: I hate to be the fun police, but I dont think this adds value :) 
```suggestion
```

Author: I also disagree - we are all about whimsy and fun at PostHog right? Why would we _not_ want this?

Author: I also would really like this as a dogfooding mechanism. Given we likely won't use this feature much ourselves, it's good to have an easy place to reference that it is definitely working

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## Sharing
> 
> ### via the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sharing via the PostHog app
```

> When viewing any recording you can press `Share` and from their you can configure the recording for **external sharing**. There are some configuration options for the iframe as well as the ability to specify that it should start at a particular timestamp.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When viewing any recording you can press `Share` and from there you can configure the recording for **external sharing**. There are some configuration options for the iframe as well as the ability to specify that it should start at a particular timestamp.
```

> When viewing any recording you can press `Share` and from there you can configure the recording for **external sharing**. There are some configuration options for the iframe as well as the ability to specify that it should start at a particular timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When viewing any recording, press `Share`. You can then configure the recording for **external sharing**. There are also configuration options for the iframe, as well as the ability to specify whether it should start at a particular timestamp.
```

> 

Reviewer: We should include a video here too. I can do it

> ### via the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Method one: Sharing via the API
```

> A more advanced use case may be automating this process, for example if you want to automatically embed particular recordings in some sort of support tool whenever a user reports a bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the [PostHog API](docs/api/session-recordings), you can automate sharing recordings. For example, a common use case is to include a session replay in a support ticket whenever a user reports a bug.
```

> 1. Retrieve the `$session_id` of the recording you want to share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve the `$session_id` of the replay you want to share.
```

```js

> // Frontend - where the recording is taking place

Author: In this context it is a "recording" not a replay...

const sessionID = posthog.get_session_id()

> // You need to handle sending this to your backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Upload this sessionID to your backend
```

> sendToSupportTool(sessionID)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uploadSessionIDToBackend(sessionID)
```

```

> 
> 
> 2. Once you have the `session_id`, in your backend you can use your [Personal API Key](/docs/api#personal-api-keys-recommended) to enable that recording for sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. Once you have the `session_id`, in your backend you can use your [Personal API Key](/docs/api#personal-api-keys-recommended) to enable that recording for sharing
```

```node
// Node.JS backend example

> const projectID = 123 // Found in Project Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const projectID = 123 // Found in [Project Settings](https://app.posthog.com/project/settings)
```

Author: I avoided this because of EU but I guess we can accept that situation

const sessionID = '{FROM_STEP_1}'
const url = `https://app.posthog.com/api/projects/${projectID}/session_recordings/${sessionID}/sharing?personal_api_key=${POSTHOG_PERSONAL_API_KEY}`

const response = await fetch(url, {
  method: 'PATCH',
  body: JSON.stringify({
    enabled: true,
  }),
  headers: {
    'Content-type': 'application/json;',
  },
}).then((res) => res.json())

> // You can also always get the access token again by calling the same endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can also retrieve the access token again by calling the same endpoint
```

// const response = await fetch(url).then((res) => res.json())

const accessToken = response.accessToken
```

3. Now you can use this access token as part of the iframe embed code.

```html
<iframe 
  allowfullscreen 
  width="100%" 
  height="450" 
  frameborder="0" 
  src="https://app.posthog.com/embedded/{accessToken}">
</iframe>
```

## Limitations

> Playback of recordings has some limitations when embedded.
> 1. We can make **no guarantees** about sensitive information contained in the recording. We recommend you only sharing recordings that you are certain contain no sensitive information or embed them only where authorized users would see them.
> 2. Events will not be shown as they are loaded from a separate endpoint that is not accessible from the embedded iframe.
> 3. To playback certain things properly like fonts or images, the same policies apply as for playing back within PostHog. See [here](/docs/session-replay/troubleshooting#replay-of-recording-looks-incorrect--buggy) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We make **no guarantees** about sensitive information contained in the recording. We recommend you only sharing recordings that you are certain contain no sensitive information or embed them only where authorized users can see them.
2. Events will not be shown in the shared iframe, as they are loaded from a separate endpoint that is not accessible from the embedded iframe.
3. If your replays look incorrect or buggy, be sure to read our [troubleshooting docs on how to debug this](/docs/session-replay/troubleshooting#replay-of-recording-looks-incorrect--buggy).```
